Excellent.
Now that we know the syntax why don't we start with our first most basic selector.
Which is gonna be the type selector.
Now in order to work properly let me just delete everything that I have in a see assess.
Now you don't have to do this but in my opinion I would like to start from scratch is that way you don't
get confused with the previous code essentially AML.
I'm gonna create a new element so there's gonna be one having one with hello world then heading to.
Now let's add maybe a paragraph.
Now please understand that we can add all the HCM elements we would like but in my case I'm just gonna
add three of them because it's gonna work exactly the same.
So there's gonna be a heading one heading to paragraph with 50 words.
Okay.
So far so good.
Then I'm gonna head over to styles assess and make my first selection.
Now whenever we're gonna be working with selectors the most basic selector is gonna be the type select
now type selector reflect of the type of email element you'd like to select.
So if you want to select having one you're gonna type hearing one you're going to want to select having
two you're gonna type heading to.
Now what do you think you're gonna have to type if you want to select paragraph.
I think you probably answered b meaning for paragraph so that would be correct.
Now in order to work with that we already know we would need to create a selector.
In my case let's say having one and now like to say what kind of styles I would want to add or this
element now in my case I'm gonna write colour again and we're gonna use color quite excessively in the
beginning because that's just easier one to show you.
Because you can right away see it on the browser and let's say again we're going to start very simply
by having one is going to be read.
So sure enough all the heading ones or in our case is just one that we have in our document.
Are we gonna have the colour right now the same is gonna work if I'm gonna have the heading to.
And again I'm just selecting this as my selector.
So all the elements on my page that are gonna be heading to I'm gonna have colour and let's say green
again nothing really earth shattering but we know that this is working.
And last but not least we have the paragraph and again exactly the same way of whatever age the male
element you have in my case I have a paragraph and let's say colour is gonna be great.
So so far so good.
Every time we would like to style some kind of HDMI element the easiest and the most basic selector
would be type selector where we just select the type of the H M element we would like to style.